Okay, so Bitcoin right now is dumping
and we need to talk about it. And not
only are we dumping, but we failed to
hold major support. And there are three
major things that we need to look at on
this chart to figure out what the
Bitcoin price is going to do next. And
let me just say, we are heading into a
period of time where there is massive
opportunity in Bitcoin. I know everybody
is very bored with Bitcoin because the
volatility is so low. But these are the
times where we need to plan because if
we plan and if we understand what's
happening now, we are setting ourselves
up to profit greatly in the coming
years. So pay very close attention. Make
sure to like, subscribe, and click the
bell as I walk you through these three
things and exactly what I'm expecting
the Bitcoin price to do next. And so to
understand what is happening right now,
we have to go back to the very end of
March. We're in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord. We gave the swing long entry. I
let everybody know that I was opening up
a long position where my limit orders
were as I was limiting into this swing
long position that eventually took us
all the way up to the middle of May at
these highs. Now, of course, we locked
in the juiciest profits on that long
trade. And May 14th is actually where we
went short in the Casper Pro VIP
Discord. And as you can see, the short
trade is still open. We've compounded
it. currently up $71,000
in realized profits. Now, on the way
down, the reason why we took the short
on May 14th is because this is where we
saw something bearish happen. The price
broke out of this very key resistance,
the value area high of the range. We got
a bullish back test, but then as we
started to accumulate up here, we
started making highs, lows, lower highs,
lower lows. We made another lower high
into the Fibonacci golden pocket which
warranted a short being opened up. Now,
once we came back down below this key
support resistance flip, this where
things get even more bearish because at
the time we were all wondering, is
Bitcoin going to break out of the
$81,000 area? If it can, that's very
bullish and we could see a move up to
86, maybe even $90,000 at the next areas
of resistance. But as soon as we lose
this orange line, we're saying to
ourselves, this is bearish market
structure. This is a fake out. This is a
fake out of these highs. And now the
highest probability is that we make our
way back down toward the bottom of the
range. Now, that's exactly what
happened. And if you see here, we
actually did get a fake out now of these
lows. And everybody's wondering, is this
the big move that's going to take us
from the range low to the range high,
back down to the range low, back up
toward the range high? Well, sadly, we
got a harsh rejection right from the
high volume note of the range. A harsh
rejection from the high volume note is
not a bullish sign. It's a very bearish
sign. And then to make matters worse,
yesterday, what did we do? We actually
fell like a hot knife through butter
right past the very important high
volume node of our local range where
we're currently struggling really hard
as you can see to reclaim this level and
it doesn't look very good right now.
This is coming in at around $62,500.
Now this high volume of the range if we
cannot reclaim it. The highest
probabilities, guys, is that we come
back down and make a new low into the
mid50s.
So, what we need to keep our eyes on
right now is this level, especially our
weekly close. Can we close the candle
above this level of $62,500?
Now, as you can see, I'm in a bit of a
long trade here. It's it's about to get
stopped out. This is a long trade that
we took yesterday at noon as we're
bouncing from the Fibonacci golden
pocket right there in the middle of the
dump. You know, we caught that trade
right there, locked in a couple thousand
dollar on that. But here's the thing. If
we come lower, highest probability is
actually that we break these lows and
form a new range. If we go to our 12-h
hour time frame and we clear off the
whole chart, let's go to our daily time
frame. Let's just objectively look at
this. All right, we are essentially
well, let's go to our 3-day time frame.
We are essentially doing what Bitcoin
has done for the entire time we've been
in the bare market, which is simply we
take out the high of the range. We dump.
We form another little range. We take
out that first high. We dump. Forming
another little range right here. We've
taken out the highs. Now, we're starting
to dump. And if we pull our Fibonacci
from the all-time low bare market for
2022, it's not really the all-time low,
but the low of the bare market to our
current all-time high, you can see that
our next major zone of support is
actually coming in right here in the
mid50s. And the fact that we're front
running this 618 Fibonacci golden pocket
is actually a bearish sign because
you'll notice Bitcoin loves to frontr
run levels and trap people and then
reverse. So what I mean by that is we
front ran the golden pocket. We trapped
a lot of people to get bullish and then
usually when that happens it usually
means we come and we actually test that
level. All right. Now keep in mind the
four-year cycle is set up in a way where
around a year after the high the bottom
is in. All right. If we take a look
historically at Bitcoin, let's go back
for example to the all-time index here.
We take a look historically at Bitcoin.
You can see, let's put this on log scale
so we can see more clearly from the
all-time highs. We can go back for
multiple cycles here from the high about
a year later, 368
days is our exact bare market bottom. We
go from the all-time high in 2021
and 365 days later that is right at our
bottom. All right. So we go from the
high right now that happened on October
6th around 365 days later that is going
to put us right around the
the beginningish of October. All right.
So if everything stays the same, we are
looking for our bottom to come in at
this green line right here. And we are
very very very close to that time frame.
Not only are we close to the time frame,
but we are also very very very close to
very key supports for this bare market.
Now, if we are looking to build a
position, if we are looking to profit
during the next Bitcoin bull market,
what do we want to do? Well, anything
under $70,000 is a good time to start
DCAing into Bitcoin. Why? Well, because
from the high to the low, that is a 50%
discount. You're literally buying the
asset at 50% off. What an amazing
opportunity. So, my plan is of course to
DCA as we are losing. And every dump we
get now under 70K is a great time to
start DCA into Bitcoin. This has been my
public plan since November when I said I
am not buying Bitcoin until we are under
70K. Check back in February to see if
I'm smart or Of course, now
people realize I was right. But people
were clowning on me hardcore when I made
that post. And of course in November,
when was that? That was right over here.
And I said, I'm not buying until we're
under 70K. And then February 5th, what
happens? Boom. We dip below 70K. Pretty
crazy. So here's what we need to
understand. Not only is it 365 days
after the all-time high where we expect
the bottom, but also historically, you
can see that the Bitcoin price bottoms
out around that 786 or or 78.6% 6%
Fibonacci retracement happened in 2015,
happened here in 2018, happened here in
2022. And so what that means basically,
guys, is this between the 618 and 76 is
the golden zone to get Bitcoin before we
rip to a new all-time high. And I'm
going to give a conservative target of
180K for the next cycle. All right, that
in my opinion is the place where I
personally am looking to go really hard.
The closer I can get to the $40,000
area, the harder I am going to go in.
So, if we cannot reclaim
our $62,500
local point of control, I would have to
expect lower because we've rejected from
the macro PC of the range. It makes the
most sense that we would actually come
down and make a new low. And because
that new low is just above our golden
pocket Fibonacci, it also makes the most
sense that we at least tap that zone in
the 54,000 to maybe let's say $57,000
area, which is where I would be looking
for some major spot buying for Bitcoin.
Now guys, if you want to join the Casper
crew where we give the trades in advance
and we tell you when we are entering
into the position like this juicy short
that we're in from May 14th of 71 grand,
like this juicy swing long from March
27th where we made $54,000, you can go
to Jason Casperrading.com.
Click the link to join the best trading
community in the world where myself and
three other instructors are in the
trenches live trading multiple times a
day. Also, if you want to trade Bitcoin
and altcoins, check out KSEX. KSEX right
now has the lowest fees available. 0.01%
market order. That's amazing. 0% limit
order. Absolutely amazing. Also, if you
are looking for a DEX to trade on, check
out Antarctic Decentralized Exchange. If
you use my link, you end up with 0%
limit order, 0.02%
market order. Guys, I'm also trading on
Blow Fin. Make sure to check it out if
you're interested. That is it for
today's video. God bless everybody in
the name of Jesus the Messiah. I pray
you and your families are super blessed
and I will see everybody in the next
video. Peace.